OAK-11284: Greedy Reuse of cluster IDs may lead to synchronous LastRe… (#1948)
apache/jackrabbit-oak: oak-doc/src/site/markdown/nodestore/documentmk.md

with Oak 1.10. Previous versions ignore entries that do not match the
environment and would create a new entry.

Note that while this behavior is usually beneficial, there are circumstances
under which it may lead to very slow startup times for cluster nodes that try
to acquire a node ID that has not been shut down gracefully and has been
inactive for a long time. This is due to synchronous recovery operations that
are necessary to guarantee the consistency of the cluster (for details see
[Recovery for a cluster node ID](#recovery-for-a-cluster-node-id)).

To avoid that, the maximum duration of the synchronous recovery may be
limited using the system property `oak.documentMK.syncRecoveryTimeoutMillis`.
A positive value will specify this maximum duration in milliseconds, while a
negative value doesn't limit the recovery time. The default is `-1`.
If the duration is exceeded, the node will no longer try to reuse the ID

> and pick one that doesn't need recovery. Note that this feature has been

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and pick one that doesn't need recovery.

Note that this feature has been
```

> specifically designed for a certain unusual Oak deployment and is not

Reviewer: ```suggestion
specifically designed for unusual Oak deployments (requiring significantly longer lease timeouts) and is not
```
